Name: Rizza
Upbringing: 
	*Known as the brat of the family, always at odds with big brother, family forced her to join the military 
	
Friends/Family: 
	*Brother: Bromman Craglorne. heir to the throne, groomed as next king while Rizza is seen as the brat 
	of the family. 

	*Father: Barma Craglorne. King of the people of the mountainous sky 
	
Foes: 
	*racial enemy: the dragonborn belonging to that geographic area. These dragonborn were imbued by the 
	nightmare with magic (part of the result of the aformentioned calamatous ripple - sids people got earth 
	powers, the dragonborn native to that land got fire powers) and as a result have considerably strong 
	fire magic. Their firebreath is twice as strong as a typical dragonborn's at a minimum, and they are 
	also able to harness magical fire and manipulate it with their will.
 
	*personal enemy:  Brother plotted to kill family by planning an enemy invasion with intention 
	to swoop in and "save the day" becoming a militaristic hero. In an attempt to thwart his brothers plans, 
	a confrontation between Rizza, Rizza's axolotlbear Flooby, and Rizza's lover (Simon) and his brother occured
	at the central 'heart' of their home mountain. Her brother has sent assassins after her, and so she maintains 
	a low profile at all times and disguises herself as a male. She will be referred to as a 'he' moving 
	forward.   

	*personal enemy: self. The confrontation between Rizza, Simon, Flooby and his brother/brothers dragonborn agents
	 turned to a fight, in which Rizza and Simon briefly become corrupted by an evil magic believed to reside 
	deep in the earth directly below the floating cities


				INCOMPLETE - REFER TO DISCORD


 . It is said that the sound of this massive destruction could be heard hundreds of miles 
	away. While Rizza and several others were able toescape the fall, thousands perished under the collapse of 
	the mountain through impact. Visions of confused and terrified people thrashing about hopelessly trying to 
	escape constantly plague Rizza's mind. Children stood motionless in the street crying without understanding 
	what was really happening. Their parents half-spoke, half-wailed their final goodbyes to their scared 
	children while they themselves tried and failed to contain their horror. Thousands of lives filled with 
	untapped potential never got their opportunity to thrive. In a mere matter of moments, one man became 
	responsible for the total annihilation of his friends, family, and closest loved ones. Like, fuck, dude. 
	Thats some shit. Rizza began packing away the bacon faster than Hormel, and drowning his sorrows in alcohol 
	quickly became a daily (and nightly) norm. Half hoping for death, half hoping for the opportunity to redeem 
	himself to whats left of his people, he wanders aimlessly hoping for purpose.  

	*fire: due to the history of his people gettin whupped by the dragonborn, Rizza has developed a fear of 
	fire. 
		 
Where They're from:
 	* the mountains are the result of a calamatous ripple. Many years before current era, something happened 
	in the nightmare that bled into the real world. Events aside, an entire mountain range was torn from
	the planet and a race of people set up shop there.

	* Unknown to the inhabitants of this world, there exist *REDACTED* and as a result magical 
	crystals were formed deep inside these mountains. These crystals, known as "hearts of the mountain" 
	 are so strong that their impossibly large stores of energy from the nightmare cause the mountains 
	they reside in to float. 

Cultural Beliefs: as the structure and makeup of the nightmare is unknown to *basically* all people, Rizza's 
	people believe that there is some sort of evil lurking deep under the lands of the nightmare dragonborn, 
	and that it is the reason several hearts of the mountains around the world have become corrupted. When 
	a heart of a mountain becomes corrupted, souls within a massive radious of the heart slowly become corrupted
	over time. Most go mad, some meet worse fates. 
	
	