THE *unknown/hidden* TOP: "The Titans of Nightmare" 
	This is an ultra-elite, ultra-powerful group (politically) that is 
	comprised of only the wealthiest, most influential titans of the world. 
	These men/women are so wealthy/powerful that they are actually entirely
	unknown to the common peoples of the world, and their existence is 
	believed to be merely legend. Only the leaders of the current world would
	have any sort of connection to this mythical entity. 
	
	Who: The ToN is comprised of five individuals - 4 men and 1 woman. Of 
	the 4 men, 2 are believed to be immortals granted eternal life through 
	dealings of the nightmare and are also physically very powerful. The 
	other two men are old as of current day, and are each heads of incredibly
	powerful agencies. 2 extremely wealthy male immortals whos names have 
	faded to obscurity as they have continued to live and call the shots, 
	1 man who owns the world's bank (thought to be an entity without any 
	owner), and 1 man who considered the head of the titans. Nothing is 
	known about this man except by other titans who answer to him. The 
	woman is also immortal, however she is neither human nor demon and acts
	as a check/balance to the decisions of the council and hides her real
	motivations, which are independent of the views/goals expressed by 
	the other Titans of Nightmare

	Their goal: The ToN are a multipurpose driver of the world. They have 
	nearly 100% influence in the world and exercise that influence through 
	manipulation of current global leaders. They are the force that drives 
	ALL events of the world, except for any events caused by ripples in the 
	nightmare. Their goal is to achieve complete control and influence over 
	the nightmare in the same manner they control the real world. This will 
	provide them with the power they belive they need to shape the entire 
	world to whatever they desire and subjugate mankind as they see fit. 
		How? 
		The ToN are all individuals who have forayed into the nightmare
		and been given tremendous magical ability. For whatever reason, 
		these are the only individuals allowed to survive and pass through 
		both nightmare and reality without repurcussion. Their abilities 
		are extraordinary and allow them to directly manipulate world 
		leaders without detection. 
		Why? 
		These individuals see the world as a tremendously flawed place, 
		and believe (due to their heightened abilities granted to them 
		by the nightmare) that they should be the ones to shape the world
		and achieve complete control of the nightmare. They believe that 
		the nightmare has deemed them worthy to become its masters and are
		motivated to control all aspects of the nightmare, thus allowing 
		them to control and implement ripples across the world to achieve 
		any world events they desire. 

THE NEUTRALISTS	 
	This is one of the two largest factions that dominate the global political 
	sphere. After a recent calamity caused by a very large ripple in the nightmare*, 
	a small group advocating for the end of the use of magic has formed and, in 
	current day, has amassed a considerable following. Roughly 50% of the world 
	currently believes in the movement of the Neutralists, who advocate for the end 
	of magical use, and in some cases Neutralist extremists have began to hunt down 
	influential magic users in their own name. As a result, two sub-factions have 
	formed among the Neutralists. 
	
	Sub-Faction: True Neutralists - Led by Strom Thurgard
		Hold all beliefs of neutralists while maintaining a nonvoilent stance 
		True Neutralists are still the general first impression of what a 
		Neutralist is. Strom should be dead or dying by end of phase 1. 

	Sub-Faction: Extremist Neutralists - Led by Vatu
		This group has only formed recently due to rising political tensions, 
		and as of phase 1 is actively recruiting for their army. End of phase 
		1 is marked by a global calamity that will shift the attitudes of the 
		general population. Nearly all true Neutralists will sympathize much 
		much more with Extremists, and now roughly 70% of the world is for 
		the end of the use of magic. 

	STROM AND VATU: 
						Strom Volgarde 
		Overview: Strom is a political figure who rose to power based on his excellent 
		moral character. Not only this, but Strom was once a formidable gladiator
		that was born without the attunement for magic yet still strong enough 
		to earn his place as a leader amongst men. His heroic deeds in the last 
		great calamity boosted him to the position as a world figurehead/leader 
		and is well regarded and liked by all. 

		Physical Description:   

		Personality: 

		Flaws: 

		WorldView/False Beliefs: 

		Relationships: 

		Goal: 

		Ghost: A "ghost" is an aspect of a character's past - often in the form of guilt, 
		grief, or grievance that haunts them throughout their journey

						Vatu 
		Overview: 

		Physical Description:   

		Personality: 

		Flaws: 

		WorldView/False Beliefs: 

		Relationships: 

		Goal: 

		Ghost: A "ghost" is an aspect of a character's past - often in the form of guilt, 
		grief, or grievance that haunts them throughout their journey
		
		 
WORLD GOVT ALWAYS TRYING TO STEP ON THE TOES OF THE WARLORDS AND THEYRE GETTIN READY TO FIGHT BACK 
	
		 
	



*see creationism section